Updates and images for plugins documentation (#242)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/specviz/plugins.rst

pulldown.
They are loaded and displayed by pressing :guilabel:`Load List`.
Each loaded list is shown under :guilabel:`Loaded Lines`.
Loaded line lists may be removed by pressing the
:guilabel:`circled-x` button.

The Loaded Lines include a :guilabel:`Custom` line list which is
automatically created, but populated with no lines.
Lines may be added to the Custom line list by entering
:guilabel:`Line Name`, :guilabel:`Rest Value`, and :guilabel:`Unit`
for the spectral axis and pressing :guilabel:`Add Line`.
Selected lines may be hidden by deselecting the associated check box.

The color of each line list may be adjusted with the color and
saturation sliders.
Entire line lists may be hidden in the display via
:guilabel:`Show All` and :guilabel:`Hide All`, located at the
bottom of each list.
Similarly, all of the line lists may be shown or hidden via
:guilabel:`Plot All` and :guilabel:`Erase All`, located at the
bottom of the plugin.

Line Analysis
=============

The Line Analysis plugin returns statistics for a single emission
line.
The emission line is selected via the :guilabel:`region` tool in
the spectrum viewer to select a spectral subset.

> The statistics returned include the line centroid, width, peak flux,
> total flux, and equivalent width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The statistics returned include the line centroid, gaussian sigma width, gaussian FWHM,
total flux, and equivalent width.
```
